she's a watershed let have an Oshawa God
is yummy God is yummy nucca kid whenever
I heard that melody before the total was
returned to the ark in the singing of my
youth I always got goose pimples I don't
know what it was but man it always got
to make little did I know that Oh about
30 years later more than that I would be
found in an organization called coffee
bean and why how she may know well to
make a long story a little bit more
brief the translation of that verse from
lamentations also found in our in our
thorough service is bring us back Yuma
Shanna we shall return we knew our days
as of old and it was this paradox that
there's a that we want to seek renewal
but that renewal has a relationship to
the past and what I felt called by God
to do in the nineteen late nineteen
eighties and early nineties was the
founded organization with that name
Hoshi vain who would sought to bring the
Messianic Jewish community to God future
for it and I realized that the future is
not found through galloping office of
unforeseen future but that we reach
towards God future by reconnecting with
the past renew our days as of old you
don't forget the past you reconnect with
it hence told in 1997 it was
a group of us met in the living room in
Dana Point California to spend a day and
a half hammering out what it was that we
stood for and we came up with seven core
principles would you to see on our
website core values if you will that
have remained at the heart of Kashi
being all these years and in agreement
with those core values we've done
basically one thing holding annual
leadership conferences and after the
conference's we discussed theological
ideas and as we discuss things in a
climate of mutual respect the Holy
Spirit has brought a consensus amongst
us and increasingly people have been
coming to the Hashi reforms just to hear
just to talk what is why she made are
important to Messianic Judaism you might
ask well because I believe that missing
energies are the purchases earth I
believe was supposed to be renewable
agency within the Jewish world and in
order to be a renewal agency within the
Jewish world we have to be within the
Jewish world so we actually may know
understand ourselves to be part of the
Jewish community loyal to it conform to
its norms seeking to bring to the Jewish
community that we know that God has
promised all of us you might ask what is
our role point of in the future we don't
know exactly what ever you do what we do
well which is sowing seeds ideas forming
opportunity for discussion respectful
divergent discussion and we're going to
continue trusting that God will do what
he's been doing all along that he'll
give the increase and remember
we're planting seeds